From the Main menu,
select the Admin item to open the Administration Home page.
To access a report, select Analytics from
the header in your Admin profile in Saba
or select the Analytics Admin hyperlink in the middle of the page.
The reports are grouped by specific categories.
You will see them by selecting the drop-down menu.
The options are as follows:
All, Recently Viewed, Favorite, My Reports, Built-in Reports, Scheduled.
You can set a default category for your convenience by selecting
the “Set Default” hyperlink located to the right of the category.
When you select a category, Analytics displays all available reports for that category.
Please note that if a category shows the number 0, no report will be displayed.
I recommend setting “All” as your default option.
You can also search by “Report Name” or “Description” in the search field next to the dropdown category field.
You can also enter a keyword in the search field,
and the system will display all reports containing that keyword.
In this example, we want to view a class completion report,
so we will enter the keyword “class”.
All reports containing the word “class” are now displayed, with the entered keyword highlighted.
Once you have located the required report,
select the title to run the report.
Enter the required information requested in each mandatory field.
Each report has their own mandatory fields based on the type of report.
Mandatory fields are indicated by a red asterisk.
We will type the Class ID.
Once the window appears on the screen,
select the radio button next to the class ID, as shown in the example.
You can select Run to execute the report
or you can also select Save and Run to save your selected filters.
The filtered report results will display; these filters will be applied
next time you run the same report.  I will select Run.
This action may take a few seconds
or minutes, depending on the size of the report.
Use the scroll bar down and from left to right of the report window
to view more information.
Select the Show or hide column setting icon located on the left side and bottom of the page
or select the title of the column to modify the sorting order (ascending or descending).
Select the Export icon on the upper on the right side of the page,
it is represented by an underlined arrow pointing downwards.
This will open the “Download Report” pop up window.
Select the format desired for the report export (CSV, PDF or Excel).
I recommend using the Excel format,
as it allows you to filter through the columns.
Selecting the Data Only checkbox will extract the report without the header.
Select Download to download a copy of the report.
Once the file has been downloaded, a window will open saying
“XLSX file for Class Completion Subscription Report is now available”.
The name will change depending on the report you selected.
Select this sentence.
Select the Open file hyperlink in the “Downloads” window on the top
right of the screen.
Depending on the language of your profile setup,
you will see these terms in the language of your profile.
Once your file is open, you can save it and close it.
In Saba, select the Back hyperlink on the top left side of the page
to come back to the Report list.